= tinymagick

TinyMagic will be a tiny wrapper around the ImageMagick cli tools "identify" and "mogrify".
It should be similar to mini_magick, with the following differences:

* More reliable. It threads warnings as errors, it does not mess up metadata when warnings occur.
* More robust, it is planned to use Process setrlimit attributes to limit cpu, memory and other resources. (configurable)
* More metadata: most of http://www.imagemagick.org/script/escape.php is implemented.
* Efficient metadata extraction. mini_magic uses one fork per attribute, tinymagick collects all attributes in one identify execution.

TinyMagic is a joung project, only Metadata exctraction is implemented jet.

Bug reports, feature pequests and most appreciated: pull requests are welcome!

== Contributing to tinymagick
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Markus Schirp. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

